All right so moving on from links.
We're going to look at HTL entities.
So what are HVM our entities are really they're a way of displaying symbols on your page.
So let's say for example that we were writing a web site teaching people how to code to show them how
to put a link into their web pages.
Well then we'd need to be able to show them the ATAC.
So something like that to start off with but of course if we try and display that on our page nothing
appears.
And in fact even if we just have an atack on its own like that the browser won't display it because
it thinks it's a bit of a link.
So to get round that problem and indeed to display any character we want we use HDMI entities.
Now it requires knowing the specific code for the character that you want to display.
I wouldn't recommend learning these.
I'd recommend just remembering that you can google HDMI entities and then you've got a big list of all
the ones that you want.
So I'm going to go for the top result here will be three schools as we saw before because it lists some
of the most common ones.
So you can see first of how we get these entities.
So they all happen and symbol at the beginning and then either a name or a number and you can use either.
I generally go for the name because it's a little bit easier to work out what it is rather than remembering
what all the entity numbers are.
So if we wanted to display this then we want to less than sign first of which is and and then less then
and then a semi-colon there.
So I would just replace that with the and symbols so shift 7 or most keyboards I think.
And then you can see very helpfully my text editor actually predicts them for me.
So I could get them there if yours doesn't that's fine we can just type them in.
So less than LTE and then a colon there.
So a very quick challenge can you replace the symbol the greater than symbol with the appropriate entity
name.
If you managed it it simply and and then greater than and then colon you can see a code orange here
because it recognizes that that's the nature of our entity.
Let's have a look then finally we've got what we wanted which was this I e-tag there and then of course
we could at the age ref equals GTP or dot com something like that if we wanted to.
And then that would all appear very nicely but HDMI and these are not just for coding symbols we can
use them to put copyright symbols in our web pages.
Currency symbols and a bunch more as well.
If you want to see all of the different entities that we can use that second link there as the mole
and there are many many different entities that we might want to use.
All right so now you know how to add characters and other symbols to your web pages in the next video
we'll look at something really powerful and that's including content from other web sites in your web
page and you can actually do that really easily using I4 Aimes.